yep you spent hours
texting your friends reading the news
scrolling your feed
laughing at your favorite funny cat
videos
about 66 percent of people show some
signs of nomophobia
the fear of being away from your phone
sound familiar
the result text neck or tech neck
don't worry we all have it now i'm going
to show you
how to get rid of it first of all try
not to look
down when you're using your smartphone
laptop
or other devices that cause the dreaded
text neck
adjust your computer height you want it
to be in a pretty high position
so you can look at the screen straight
on a laptop stand is one of those
awesome inventions that's way better
than stacking up a bunch of old
dictionaries
you too when texting or scrolling
your natural instinct is to hold your
phone near your chest and look down at
it
yup check it out text neck in the making
hold your phone up higher so it's level
with your eyes
the bottom line is this you want to
avoid folding your neck down as much as
possible
keep your neck long and proud here's
some more tips
apps well if you can forget the whole
head
up thing there's someone or something
that can remind you
yep the very thing that's giving you
text neck in the first place
your phone there are so many apps that
can help you change your habits and
improve your day
an app that sends reminders for you to
drink more water
one attracts your sleep cycle and wakes
you up when it's
best for you one attracts your earnings
and spending
so you can manage your finances better
or try
one to find a friend one to find a date
one to pick your nose
another that controls how much time you
spend on your phone
and even one that locks you out of your
phone when you need to be extra
productive
there's already plenty of tex-necked
apps too
even one linked to a small box you stick
on your back that tracked your spine
movement
a tool to get immediate feedback about
your posture
on average people unlock their phones
around 150 times a day
so start making the change ding
notification
lift your head up and erase those
wrinkles you can help reduce that text
neck when you're walking
if you walk properly many people carry
their body weight
in front of their center of gravity
instead stand straight up
move your shoulders back hold your head
high
and lift your chin so it's parallel to
the ground
push your hips forward while walking and
imagine there's a book on top of your
head
the only way to keep it from falling is
keeping good posture
sit up straight whether you're on your
computer scrolling your phone
or just watching tv instead of crossing
your legs
try to keep your feet flat on the floor
shoulders back
check back straight check i straight
ahead
check wrinkles gone check money from the
parents comes in a
check ah those were the days
minor schedules include lots of sitting
so a standing desk is also a great way
to fix your posture
especially if you combine it with a
regular one so
you can keep changing positions during
the day
now are you a back sleeper if yes stay
where you are
the rest of us are coming to join the
globe well hopefully
changing your sleeping position isn't
that easy especially because
even if you manage to fall asleep that
way who knows what you do at night
sleeping on your back can reduce
wrinkles on your neck
it also helps with posture so it's
definitely worth trying
a good quality mattress will also speed
up the whole process of improving your
text neck
one of the best memory foam it's a bit
pricier than
some other options but you spend around
a third of your life in bed
so okay some of us even a little bit
more than that i admit
with a good mattress comes a good and
firm pillow and
if possible another one for under your
knees
that's how you can easily keep your hips
and spine aligned
also memory foam is helpful if you
sometimes forget where your bed is
located
yeah just kidding your daily skin care
routine usually just includes your face
but the neck is also an area with
sensitive skin
that requires extra attention
exfoliating is when you clean your skin
and remove the extra dry skin cells
don't make your own cream out of sand
and well just trust me
no need to do it on a daily basis once
or twice a week is enough
after exfoliating make sure to hydrate
your skin with proper products
and now for the sweat portion of the
video
doing just 10 minutes of solid core
exercises
can make a major difference for both
your text nick and posture
crunches planks yoga poses pilates
try to go for workouts that isolate core
muscles
still a workout newbie well try the
sleeping bug
lie down on your back lift your arms
towards the ceiling and raise your legs
but keep your knees bent to 90 degrees
now you can start to make circles with
your arms
and when you're bored change directions
once you're good at that
start to bicycle your knees slowly then
roll onto your hands and knees stand up
and
feel the burn strong core and back
muscles are the foundation that will
make all the other steps in this video
way easier and now it's neck yoga time
yes there are yoga exercises for
everything
so why shouldn't the neck get its own
one too
if you can try to do face yoga for
around
half an hour every day you'll look
younger
fresher and have a seriously toned neck
in about five to six months
seems like a ridiculously long time but
hey
tech's neck didn't show up overnight so
first exercise sit down and make sure
you're in a comfortable position
push out your chin smile and stay in
that position for around five seconds
do you feel the tension in your neck
muscles yes that's a good sign
it means you're doing it properly repeat
this three more times
and do it one to two times a day
preferably not when you're in a business
meeting
let's turn to the next slide regarding
return on investment
everybody still awake the next exercise
is called
lips to the ceiling and it's very
effective
relax your shoulders and keep them down
now check out your ceiling awesome right
just chilling up there your upper neck
and chin
that's where you're supposed to feel it
the most ah
nothing like some good old stretching
now make those duck lips
at the same time stick out your tongue
and hold it like that for five seconds
once again repeat it three times and do
it one to two times a day
again not at the weekly board meeting
wow now on to the swan neck exercise
sit down make yourself comfortable and
relax your shoulders
put your left hand under your right
collar bone and apply some pressure
now start stretching your head up and to
the left
you're supposed to look like a swan with
a nice long neck
stay in this position and add in some
goku loops
just like before hold it like that for
five seconds
let me get my camera and then switch to
the other side
neck isolated yoga is a great thing but
the shape and health of your entire body
can lead to the dreaded text neck throw
these four simple exercises into your
daily routine and say
goodbye to those neck wrinkles better
posture plus
improved neck position equals less neck
wrinkles
let's start with downward facing dog you
probably already know this one
get on your hands and knees put your
toes on the floor
press down straighten your legs and
bring your hips
up towards the ceiling like an inverted
v
hold for at least 30 seconds
cobra pose lie face down
put your hands right by your shoulders
and press them into the floor
now slowly lift your torso keeping your
shoulders right above your wrists
bend your elbows if necessary to keep
them hugged into your body
your hips thighs and knees stay on the
ground and you lift your
upper body with your arms open your
chest and
stay like this for at least 30 seconds
resist the urge to spit
venom into the eyes of your victim the
next position is called
bird dog get back down on your hands and
knees
with your back flat like a table slowly
extend your right leg behind you and
reach your left arm
forward make sure your back is flat
hold it for three seconds go back to the
starting position
and repeat on the other side do each
side
eight to twelve times point at that bird
you got it superman is the last one for
now
lie face down and extend your legs out
tuck your chin and extend your arms
above your head
with your thumbs facing the ceiling your
arms shouldn't touch the floor
squeeze those glutes and lift your legs
then flop everything down because that
was exhausting
do this 8 to 12 times and avoid
kryptonite